I have the version do %HESITATION picking out a favorite of anything %HESITATION
so let me give you a little better background well one of
the things that's very common in the military is %HESITATION telling
stories to each other and sometimes they involve telling a jokes that
some comedian is come up with one kind or another but more often
than not they are a humorous look at some activity in which everybody's
participate %HESITATION so you get very good at being a storyteller
in the military %HESITATION and you're a lot of jokes and they're
sometimes when you have a sitting around to a club with everybody
chipping in to buy the the picture you'll have kind of a little contest
and everybody will say okay we're gonna tell a marine joke everybody
in the table telemarketing joke and the first guy who can't come
up with a new brain joke as to buy the next picture is able to come
up with something in her is of course they're all variants on pick
your favorite ethnic group Joe and just substitute the marine in the
in this case %HESITATION rather than other ethnic groups that you've
had a joke about so you get this kind of nonsense is all in good
humor and and good fun but my favorite kinds of jokes have always been
the short sequence like prostate Achaeans and my favorite along
that line probably because I'm a researcher is the old joke that if
you steal ideas from one man that's called plagiarism but if you steal
ideas from a whole group of people that's cold research